Privacy Policy

EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) notices for EEA Customers


The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by Mini Chocolate Studios. We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document. We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website. If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps.


Mini Chocolate Dreaming towards the revolution of Games Industry. Our Aim is to target Mobile Users to play arcade games and EDUCATIONAL GAMES, Puzzle Games. We at Mini Chocolate believe that privacy of our customers is an issue to be taken seriously. Thus we take great measures to respect and protect our users’ privacy. We believe that users have the right to know the personal information that is being collected. This document explains how we may collect some personal and non-personal information of our customers. In this document Mini Chocolate is referred to as ‘Mini, ‘we’ and ‘company’, whereas users of our games are referred to as ‘users’ and ‘you’.

User Call Permissions

We work together with third party service providers to integrate ads ( rewarded video interstitial, . These ads shall be displayed in our games. For smooth transition of showing video ad if a call interrupts. We advise you to read privacy policies of these companies which can be found at the following links: Admob: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

Consent

We would like to make it clear that by downloading, installing and using our games, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you also agree with the collection of the information mentioned in this document. You can always choose to not give this consent by deciding to not use our mobile games.We understand that a significant number of our games are played by kids under 13 years of age, and we must protect children’s privacy and safety by restricting the marketing to these children. A child under 13 can only play our games only with consent from the guardian. You should uninstall and erase our games if you or your legal guardian disagree with our privacy policy. Mini Chocolate respects all these rights. Mini Chocolate does not knowingly and directly collect and store any personal information from a kid under the age of 13, and we hereby specifically prohibit children from giving us any personal information.

Collection and use of data

We collect non personal and personal information.

Non Personal Information

This is the anonymous information from which one cannot find out the identity of the user. Non personal information includes technical information, behavioral data and statistical data.Non-personal Information collected by Third Parties may include the following technical information: type of operation system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.), type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.), screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.), language (e.g. English), device type (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.), geo-location – only general location may be collected.This information is usually gathered by third party services during your usage of our games. They analyze your activities when you interact with our games. This information is used to do statistical research, measure traffic and make applications that are customized to your preferences. These third-party service providers include but are not limited to ‘Admob’, ‘Chartboost’ and ‘Unity Ads’. We advise you to read privacy policies of these companies which can be found at the following links: Admob: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy We would like to make it clear that we may use other service providers according to our needs in the future, and those service providers will be notified to you through update of our privacy policy. Thus, you are advised to visit our privacy policy from time to time.

Personal Information

This is the kind of information that can identify you as an individual. We may collect directly or through third party services: · the e-mail address of the user · the user’s personal identifier, e.g. advertising identifier, device identifier (e.g. IP address), unique device identifier (UDID), and carrier user ID · geo-location information from a GPS enabled device (if the user allowed it) All of the above information is gathered by user’s consent, which is obtained by the acceptance of privacy policy.Purpose of this collection of information is to enhance user experience, provide users with customized content (ads and applications), allow user to use certain functionalities in the game (in app purchases) and make possible the availability of with ‘sign in with Facebook’ feature.

Cookies and Local Data

Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your device which enable applications to enable certain features. E.g. User preferences like muted sound of the game shall be stored locally on your device, frequency capping to make sure that if we decide to promote an app, we do not run the ad of the same game over and over again. We shall store and access such information to enhance your experience. Third party services might use session cookies (which are deleted once you close the app) or persistent cookies (which remain stored until the user clears the cookies). The data stored can be personal or non-personal. Most devices allow you to block and clear cookies. Thus if you have allowed cookies on your device, your local device storage might be used to store and access information.

Sharing of Information

The user information that is stored by us, shall only be shared according to the following guidelines: · If doing so is binding by law, such as following a court order, regulation, legal process or request by a government. · To implement this privacy policy or finding out potential violations. · To ensure detection and prevention of fraud and security threats. · To negate the claims that content published under Mini Chocolate violation of a third party right. · To make sure that the ads shown to you are relevant. · To protect the rights and property of Mini Chocolate, users or the general public. · In case of a merger, acquisition or sale of the company, the change in ownership and usage of information shall be notified through our website.

Advertising

We work together with third party service providers to integrate ads (video interstitials, sticky ads, static interstitials and banners) into our games. These ads shall be displayed in our games. These service providers also track your interaction with the ads and the performance of the ads. This information may be personal and/or non-personal. This information is used by us in understanding the way our games are used by you, enhancing our marketing efforts and making games that are better customized for you. The third party service providers’ usage of this information is not covered in this privacy policy.We hereby also inform you that we shall advertise in our games, other games made by us.

Security

We take significant measures to ensure that our games and user information collected by us remains safe and there is no unauthorized access. We have used generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures in this regard. However, there are inherent risks in transmission of information on the internet and electronic storage of information, and we do not guarantee that no unauthorized access will take place.

Modification in Policy

We may decide to update our privacy policy at any time. So we encourage you to visit our policy to keep yourself up-to-date with it.

Feedback

For any questions, comments or suggestions contact us at playminichocolategames@gmail.com. We shall be glad to hear from you.
